Add throw on error config to node (#253)
permitio/docs: docs/getting-started/_quickstart-parts/_quickstart_nodejs.mdx

  // log: {
  //   level: "debug",
  // },

>   // The SDK returns false if you got timeout / network error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // The SDK returns false if you get a timeout / network error
```
